Restore descriptions and README.md files (#80)
Vantiq/Tutorials: Introduction to Collaboration/README.md

### Introduction to Collaboration Tutorial

This project contains the patient.monitoringHeartRate Service which defines the MonitorReading Event Handler. 
This event Handler detects when a patient has an unusual and dangerous heart rate. First, the patient is asked whether 
they are okay or require assistance. If the patient replies that they require assistance or does not reply within 90 seconds, 
a first responder is notified and dispatched.

> For more information on the Advanced Collaboration Tutorial, check out the documentation [here](/docs/system/tutorials/introcollaboration/index.html).

Reviewer: should say Intro tutorial
```suggestion
For more information on the Introduction to Collaboration Tutorial, check out the documentation [here](/docs/system/tutorials/introcollaboration/index.html).
```
